and this is the worst turn look at the game in
home everything in 8 bits of the cute and that
mix those to the style I get tired of
Do you know the target here?
map and I will show you a more
advanced because the faces are very easy
with attacks on so - called little guys
Beauty was there, she called me to fight.
against this evil animal then the
take a look here has Estadinho has
Heart shield, I'm joining it.
to achieve the attack then 63 ac of
attack
He's going to take a shot.
bit of me the document
but the attack attack left the attack
power too much purple does not match
more shield as unintentionally it just more
an atack
this one is unique because the guy should
little true quick to see which
is the next step can be given the
the value of my bed
the half xavi help me
op of life here is very much alive but I am
concerned about the gameplay will
concentrate on more attacks than the 4 of
design our drew nothing difficult die
the goal gave more data of the imea
earned want to play the key to everything here is
serious and showed good skin game only shows
The balance went like hell
Have not you done in the Lord's Quarter?
dude he'll kill where the red warning
pretty concentrated in the sporting game
has a lot of angel
Let's die the bomb.
The ball is very strong, I'm going to die.
the actual focus hitler 's own chair
There is nothing here, you see something.
the russian championship serghei magnitski no
we play
yesterday want that there the girl will die
here you go to attack kills one more
Slap in the face, I died.
This is so good to see you play.
security seat haiti where it starts
want to
we play like hell
The first one is how you play in the
start when you pick up that little thing
colorful you make all the vacancies of the map
turn those colorful little ones and I
I picked up florida, right?
so I make two attacks once for who
Do not know the darkest blue is the
shield
when clear week then humans one
vision as soon as the brand is delivered
low
already the demand so it accumulates enough
when you make 4 you make a power
little stronger
beauty does not catch a life, I want
make this one come to red
so if I was already red from that
Way I'm going to make a lot more red
strong or blue blue is also special
so let's try to make the first ac
milan is close, right?
I'm trying to make red on the side.
And now everyone's gone.
stay red to size highlight vote
in him
and this strong appeal and that there are four
red story screen and so it goes
getting stronger when
makes four and makes these powers
different join with color and will
explore the entire screen and try to leave
the much stronger power
Look there to earn my living know the
which is quite different from the gameplay of
artur nerd do besa sung black too
play the league privileges friend nor the
zine power strategy game sucks
week I can not vote for zinho
raise my mother here is a little
My life now only poderosinho there is
what more I regret but the power is strong
Then I know what's good, it's not
That's when my life was half over and that's
very bad and the other great thing that
gain little ability to evolve in the
you want for example if you
evolve in spain and whenever
red will be much stronger without
Think 11 and cool to play that
spies and leaves the strongest type
it always results in a sword that is the
red it will be much more
strong and some neighborhoods are enabled here
Dude you have what I have a key and
has while the keys where it shows that
on top has a key only then could
open the chests and wait more came back more
Could not open the bigger chests.
so I opened up to throw pardon
maurice health
I won one item even more today.
attack - one of something I do not have
no shovel will then fitted in thee
team and beauty
so that way you get better
the characters of that environment ever
stronger
according to the type of item you
use so it's really cool guys this
many other hero you shirt
no longer found on ovi.com.br for only
40 reais and free shipping from two
parts